Update README.md (#202)
concourse/registry-image-resource: README.md

  -----END ENCRYPTED PRIVATE KEY-----
```

> **NOTE** This configuration only applices to the `out` action. `check` & `in` aren't impacted. Hence, it would be possible to `check` or use `in` to get un-signed images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** This configuration only applies to the `out` action. `check` & `in` aren't impacted. Hence, it would be possible to `check` or use `in` to get unsigned images.
```
